era with Scott Williamsburg human goes
later so you're talking about nine and
he came to this epiphany about the
nature of 9so right so it took me a
couple years to figure out the purpose
that is served at first I thought was
just a cute pad and I didn't know what
to do with it but then it hit me
every number is a basic math exercise
it's a lesson so 11 teaches the human
brain 1+1 mm-hmm I think 1 plus 1 is 2
now I can check it 11 minus 2 is 9 if I
get 9 that means everything's fine so
let's try to make a mistake I'm trying
to learn 1+1 so I'm starting at 11
mm-hmm I think 1 plus 1 is 3 let's plug
it in 11 minus 3 is 8 it's not 9 so it
tells me that something is wrong every
number has to go back to 9 or something
is wrong so it's a great way of checking
your work exactly if you want to learn
2+2 just start at 22
you think it's four but now we can check
it because 22 minus 4 is 18 or adds up
to 9 so I asked fine this works for
every number to infinity what it will do
is if I can teach every kid on a planet
that's 8 years old when they're 9 every
number in our plan on our planet will go
back to their age number 9 so when a kid
sees a speed of a site for 55 they're
gonna say wow 5 and 5 is 10 55 minus 10
is 45 4 and 5 is 9 9 19 it's all about
the number 9 my age every number this
will give kids an experience with
numbers to learn math love memorize the
math facts to experience addition
experience setting up these patterns to
see this work over and over again to
build confidence with memory and I call
it chapter zero I think it's the missing
chapter in math if all kids would learn
this first then we could teach him that
well right now they just memorize some
math thanks we trying to get him to
algebra he gets ugly I'm sure you've
thought about the implications for
baseball
don't get me started I have a whole
paper on it there's nothing things about
the number 9 in baseball so now here's
what's crazy I haven't really shared
this much with anybody but I will with
you all right
look at 123 I'm seeing add up all the
digits one plus two plus three is six
put the tol underneath and subtract you
get 117 your answer 1 1 7 is 9 but what
I noticed afterwards
this let's take the same number 123 but
this time instead of adding up all the
digits let's just add up a couple of
them so let's put a plus sign here now
we've created 12 plus 3 well 12 plus 3
is 15
123 -15 gives me 108 and look at my
answer 1 0 & 8 is 9 you can break it up
any way you want it'll always work let's
do 1 plus 23 that's 24
123 - 24 99 9 plus 9 is 18 1 plus 8 is 9
no matter how you break up a number
anyway anyhow it will always go back to
9 it's literally an exercise that will
turn on the human calculator in the
human brain